Privacy Policy

Last updated: [Date]

Avove The Wings ,We  operates ATW . This page informs you of our policies regarding the collection, use, and disclosure of Personal Information we receive from users of the App.

Information Collection and Use

While using our App, we may ask you to provide us with certain personally identifiable information that can be used to contact or identify you. Personally identifiable information may include but is not limited to your name and email address ("Personal Information").

Log Data

Like many app operators, we collect information that your browser sends whenever you visit our App ("Log Data"). This Log Data may include information such as your computer's Internet Protocol ("IP") address, browser type, browser version, and the pages of our App that you visit.

Communications

We may use your Personal Information to contact you with newsletters, marketing, or promotional materials and other information.

Cookies

Cookies are files with a small amount of data, which may include an anonymous unique identifier. Cookies are sent to your browser from a website and stored on your computer's hard drive.

Security

The security of your Personal Information is important to us, but remember that no method of transmission over the Internet, or method of electronic storage, is 100% secure. While we strive to use commercially acceptable means to protect your Personal Information, we cannot guarantee its absolute security.

Changes to This Privacy Policy

This Privacy Policy is effective as of [Date] and will remain in effect except with respect to any changes in its provisions in the future, which will be in effect immediately after being posted on this page.

We reserve the right to update or change our Privacy Policy at any time, and you should check this Privacy Policy periodically. Your continued use of the App after we post any modifications to the Privacy Policy on this page will constitute your acknowledgment of the modifications and your consent to abide and be bound by the modified Privacy Policy.

If we make any material changes to this Privacy Policy, we will notify you either through the email address you have provided us or by placing a prominent notice on our website.

Contact Us

If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, please contact us.
